China paper calls PH a ‘trouble maker’By Fat Reyes MANILA, Philippines – Amid heightened tensions in the West Philippine Sea (South China Sea) disputes, a state-owned Chinese news agency has called the Philippines a “trouble maker in the region,” and warned the country against losing its “credibility” if “Manila insists on playing more tricks.” In an editorial entitled “Manila’s miscalculation” published on Wednesday, the China Daily hit Foreign Affairs Secretary Albert del Rosario for saying that the Philippines would support Japan dropping its pacifist constitution to become a fully-fledged military force and act as a balance against a rising China, saying that the statements bared “Manila’s attempt to enlist support for its disputes with China.” “As a smaller country, it has resorted to opportunism to balance the big powers. However, if it goes too far, it will have to shoulder the consequences,” the editorial read. “History shows us small countries tend to get the worse of it if they seek to hijack regional peace and stability as a bargaining chip. If Manila insists on playing more tricks in this regard, sooner or later it will have to pay a dear price and lose its own credibility in the region,” it added. Department of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Assistant Secretary Raul Hernandez, when pressed for comments, questioned why the Philippines was being called the trouble-maker, saying that the recent actions of China in relation to its nine-dash sea claims have raised concerns for the international community. Hernandez said that such actions were inconsistent with international laws, especially the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, and impede the fundamental freedom of navigation and lawful commerce. In an interview with London’s Financial Times, Del Rosario said the Philippines would strongly support a rearmed Japan—its World War II enemy—as a counterweight to what it sees as Chinese provocation. China claims nearly the entire West Philippine Sea (South China Sea), believed to be rich in oil and gas resources, while the Philippines, Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan and Vietnam, have overlapping claims to some or all of those same areas. Recent weeks have seen a rise in tensions in the sea disputes, with the Philippines asking China to clarify media reports saying Chinese authorities had authorized its forces to interdict ships entering what Beijing considers its territorial waters. DFA spokesperson Assistant Secretary Raul Hernandez, meanwhile, had earlier said that when asked what the Philippines wanted Japan’s role in the region to be, Del Rosario replied that the country wanted Japan to “support a peaceful process in solving issues here and to be one of the partners as far as security alliances and partnerships are concerned.” Hernandez said there were no talks going on between the Philippines and Japan. The editorial also said that Manila was “deceiving” itself if it believed it could count on support from countries like the United States and Japan, adding that it was also “apparently underestimating China’s resolve to defend its sovereignty and core interests.” It also decried Del Rosario’s move not to hesitate in helping Japan “revive the dying ember of militarism,” saying that “his remarks only played into the hands of Japanese right-wingers who have been clamoring to break the limits of the country’s pacifist constitution.” The editorial also made mention of the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II, saying that “memories of Japan’s military past are still fresh.” “For Asian countries victimized by Japanese aggression in World War II, normal ties with Japan are possible only under the condition that the country sticks to a pacifist road. Del Rosario’s rhetoric has touched the bottom line of peace and order in Asia,” it said. The editorial also accused the Philippines of playing the “role of a trouble maker” in the region, citing its moves to unilaterally raise sea disputes with China since April. “While coveting territorial waters it is not entitled to, it has played one trick after another seeking confrontation with China. Its politicians have developed a penchant of talking tough on China, as if wild talk will make the country’s daydreaming come true,” it said. Manila has called for a multilateral approach to dealing with the sea disputes, as well as peaceful resolutions in accordance with international law, but China has insisted disputes should be dealt with using bilateral negotiations.
2007 September 6 Jenni Kayne - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Spring 2008 (NEW YORK) The young L.A. designer, whose girly creations are loved and worn by Hollywood starlets, chose to show her spring collection in a midtown penthouse, away from the busy tents. It was a smaller, cozier venue for a collection inspired by the ‘70s, which featured sundresses in bright yellow and blue ikat prints and vintage-looking gowns which alternated with tailored but comfy day pieces like cropped jackets, boyfriend blazers, and relaxed shorts worn with flat sandals. While a raglan-sleeve long gown worn with pearls and a few above-the-knee, sequined, and shimmery dresses looked to the past, Kayne also showed clean grey and black pieces which gave the collection a modern flair. A glossy high-waisted skirt with a minimalist T-shirt, a belted short-sleeve dress in metallic silver, and a sharp-looking grey skirt-and-coat ensemble matched with a purple blouse were unexpectedly edgy pieces that showed Kayne’s creative range.
Post Reply: Post your boards (Pictures or GTFO) |Topic: Post your boards (Pictures or GTFO) Posted: May/01/2013 at 4:34am By fj5 Bought some neon yellow vinyl to cover up my 154 Thrive Renegade (wasn't a big fan of the original artwork) and used up pretty much the rest of my stickers. Stickered up my 150.5 DC Ply too and cleared away most of the stickers from my 157 Burton Vapor. 2013 DC Ply 150.5 2010 Burton Vapor 157 2013 Thrive Renegade 154
After a short delay from the initially scheduled release, Research In Motion has just sent off emails with links for BlackBerry Messenger 184.108.40.206 to some in the BlackBerry world. The changes overall seem to be back end work that has no impact for users visually. A few things have been added that users might notice however. Keep in mind not all beta testers were sent the release today and more will be sent out later. We got some screenshots and explanations of what's new after the jump First up, we no have the option to adjust how contacts and groups are displayed. Not stylistically but rather 1 line or 2 line. Two line now shows bigger expanded sections for BB Groups while leaving it at 1 line now hides contact avatars or reduces their size if any are set, assumingly to speed up how BlackBerry Messenger works. Previously the option was available to auto accept voice notes. The new addition here is that now, when you decide to send a voice note to a user, if the above box is chosen the voice notes recorder launches within BBM in a better styled interface which allows you to send your voicenote. SMS Contact integration in BlackBerry Messenger has been worked on as well. While it's a little to early to say how well it's working over previous versions, it does show that RIM is aware that it's not the best at the moment and does indeed need to be fixed up. There you have it -- we're sure there are a few other things we're not quite seeing yet so, if you've spotted something feel free to let us know in the comments. If you're among those still waiting to get in on the beta, don't feel so bad. It's not as if it's a huge overall to BlackBerry Merssenger that everyone will want. Quite frankly, it just looks like BlackBerry Messenger of past.
Bytescout Scan SDK 1.00 Bytescout Scan SDK 1.00 Download Overview Not rated yet To support Bytescout Scan SDK use following services on your website or blog: Share | | Popular search terms related to Bytescout Scan SDK: Bytescout Scan SDK 1.00 NoticesYankeeDownload regularly update datas, value and software summary of Bytescout Scan SDK 1.00 full download version from the vendor, so sometimes may be somewhat outdated. We remember: software piracy is illegal by using Bytescout Scan SDK 1.00 keygen, cracks, serial numbers, registration codes, key generators is not legal and prevent future Bytescout Scan SDK editions. Our download locations are directly from author sites, torrent URL and links from MegaUpload.com, YouSendIt.com, RapidShare.com or DepositFiles.com are not allowed. Free Bytescout Scan SDK software downloads Dynamic .NET TWAIN 37 downloads20.9Mb Commercial | $ 599.00 NET TWAIN is a managed code component that enables you to acquire images from any.... GdTwain Pro Twain SDK Site License 127 downloads2.3Mb Shareware | $ 999.00 With GdTwain Pro you can fully control the image acquisition process and display....
Strong Families, Strong Young Minds - 11/27/02 cmfce at smartmarriages.com Wed Nov 27 11:24:14 EST 2002 subject: Strong Families, Strong Young Minds - 11/27/02 from: Smart Marriages® This article comes just in time for the holidays - sure cheers me up. Happy Thanksgiving and Happy Hanukkah! - diane The Washington Post Strong Families, Strong Young Minds By David S. Broder Wednesday, November 27, 2002 Thanksgiving is the quintessential family holiday, the time when cousins and aunts, grandparents and grandchildren traditionally gather to share a festive meal, to exchange memories and create new ones. In time for this great day come two new reports suggesting that the American family is looking strong and that we can, if we wish, make the future even brighter for the youngest among us. One of the studies comes from the Institute for Social Research at the University of Michigan. Each year since 1975, the institute has asked a huge sample of 50,000 students in grades 8, 10 and 12 questions about their life goals and attitudes. One of those questions is: How important is it to you to have a good marriage and family life? It turns out that it is just as vital a goal for today's young people as it was for their parents. In 1977, 85 percent of the males and 91 percent of the females rated marriage and family as being extremely or quite important to them. In 2001, the figures were 88 percent and 93 percent. Other questions showed them as eager as ever to raise children and as committed (at least verbally) to monogamy in marriage. The only notable shift, said study director Arland Thornton, is a significant increase in the percentage of those who approve of unmarried couples living together "in order to find out if they really get along." Turning to the infants, the good news comes from the National Institute for Early Education Research, a New Jersey-based and foundation-supported think tank. Two of its staffers, Leonard Masse and W. Steven Barnett, examined the social and financial results of a preschool program for low-income families in Chapel Hill, N.C. The Abecedarian Project has been operating since the 1970s, so the impact on the lives of 57 infants in the program can be compared over a long period of time with 54 similar youngsters who did not participate in this program. The results, much like those in a study of a similar program in Chicago, about which I wrote 15 months ago, are dramatic. Those who were in the Abecedarian Project had "significantly higher" mental test scores, from the time they were toddlers right up through the cutoff point at age 21. Far fewer were later enrolled in special education or remedial education classes. And they were 2 1/2 times as likely to go on to college as the kids in the control group. Other social benefits also appeared. Those in the program were more likely to postpone parenthood until an older age. And they were less likely to take The special feature of this study was its effort to measure the economic benefits. The Abecedarian Project was expensive, as preschool programs go -- $13,000 per child, about twice the cost of the average Head Start program. That is because the classes were small, the teachers well trained and well paid, and the curriculum challenging. But it paid off in multiples, the researchers said. The lifetime earnings of those in the project are projected to be $143,000 greater than those in the control group. The program also involved the mothers of these youngsters, helping them improve their basic skills in reading, mathematics and other subjects. As a result, the mothers' incomes are projected to grow by $133,000 over the years. That is a huge return on the investment, and it explains why the Committee for Economic Development, a leading business group, has endorsed a rapid expansion of high-quality preschool programs, with the goal of making them available for all youngsters starting at age 3. Other surveys have shown that three-quarters of the youngsters in this country ages 3 and 4 are being educated or attended to by someone other than their parents, so the need and the opportunity to help shape their lives are As you gather with your loved ones, rejoice that America's teens understand the value of marriage and family. And remember how much of a boost in life we can give their children by assuring them of good preschool programs. © 2002 The Washington Post Company To SUBSCRIBE or UNSUBSCRIBE, or change your address, visit http://www.smartmarriages.com Click Newsletter. Enter your address in the appropriate box and proceed. This is a moderated list. Replies are read by Diane Sollee, editor. Please indicate if your response is NOT to be shared with the list. This newslist shares information on marriage, divorce and educational approaches. Opinions expressed are not necessarily shared by members of the Newsletter archive - to read ALL past posts to the newsletter: 7th annual Smart Marriages conference/RENO, Nevada June 26-29, 2003 http://www.smartmarriages.com/conferencedetails.html List your program in the Directory of Classes at www.smartmarriages.com Coalition for Marriage, Family and Couples Education, LLC (CMFCE) Diane Sollee, Director 5310 Belt Rd NW, Washington, DC 20015-1961 cmfce at smartmarriages.com FAIR USE NOTICE: This e-newsletter contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We make such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of marriage, family, couples, divorce, legislation, family breakdown, etc. We understand this constitutes a 'fair use' of such material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. More information about the SmartMarriages
CHARLESTON, W.Va. - If you walk in and act like you own the place, perhaps you can. That's the trick two men pulled off as they drove away from the Constellium Rolled Products Plant in Ravenswood with two tons of copper valued at $15,000, according to State Police. The men posed as contractors doing business with the plant. Police say they drove across plant property in broad daylight, checked in with security and interacted with several Constellium employees before driving back out the gate with a truck bed so fully loaded it sagged. "It's very bold to go in and act like they owned the place," said Trooper C.A. May of the State Police detachment in Ripley. The lone security guard working the gate told police a white Ford F-350 crew-cab, long-bed, super-duty pickup pulled up to the Constellium gate at 3:08 p.m. Friday. The guard said a 6-foot-tall, heavy-set Hispanic man got out of the truck. That's when he began to tell his story. "They posed as contractors and went in and said they were supposed to pick up this order of copper chops," May said. Copper chops are scrap pieces of metal about the size of a BB pellet. The aluminum rolling mill accumulates the scrap over time through its alloy production and maintenance activities. Constellium regularly sells this scrap metal, so contractors and trucking company workers routinely visit the plant to pick it up. The security guard who let the men on to plant grounds said he saw only one man at the entrance. Police believe the second man - who workers described as a thin Hispanic man about 5 feet 9 inches tall - was hiding in the truck at the time. After using a bogus license number and identification on plant security forms, the security officer gave the heavier man a pass to get through the gate. The men drove the truck to one of the plant's cast houses, where they told employees they were there to pick up the copper scrap. "The foreman there said they looked like typical contractors they work with," May said. "The workers thought that's what they were there for, so they loaded it in the back of the vehicle." Plant workers had the men drive the truck under a hopper that filled the bed with more than 4,000 pounds of copper scrap. "They were pretty loaded - it was squatting the truck," May said. It was about 3:30 p.m. when the men slowly drove the weighed-down truck back to the front gate. The guard told police the driver said he was going to make a quick trip into Ravenswood and then bring his security pass back. The men never returned.
Green lentils, spinach, and parsley give this delicious soup a dense green color and offer up loads of nutrients. chicken broth, dijon mustard, +bay leaves, +carrot, +celery, +green lentils, +parsley, +garlic, +olive oil, +onions, +parmesan cheese, +black pepper, +red wine vinegar, +salt, +spinach, +tomato paste www.bigoven.com - Similiar recipes chicken broth, dijon mustard, +butter, +potato, +onions, +black pepper, +shallot, +olive oil, +green beans, +egg yolks, +lemon juice, +sugar, +hot sauce, +beef broth, +red wine, +peppercorn, +cream, +steak www.bbc.co.uk - Similiar recipes This came from a can of coconut milk I made no changes. It's quick and easy, we eat it weekly and it is so wonderful. If you like curry you will absolutely... chicken broth, +brown sugar, +chicken, +rice, +basil, +fish sauce, +peas, +curry paste, +coconut milk This is our Thanksgiving side dish staple but it would go great with chicken or salmon. One of the great things about this recipe is that you can cook... find.myrecipes.com - Similiar recipes "Green Beans With Mustard Cream Sauce and Toasted Almonds is my answer to classic green bean casserole. The vegetables and sauce can be made in the morning.... allrecipes.com - Similiar recipes This creamy, smooth and tangy sauce is a hit in our house over chicken or asparagus. The sauce is simple but impressive enough for company too. chicken broth, dijon mustard, +flour, +butter, +chicken, +green onion, +black pepper, +yogurt, +salt Amber and I had a lot of fun cooking this recipe 'Huey' style with a gas wok cooker while on our Sydney Holiday. I actually made it twice while we were... chicken broth, +corn, +beans, +brown sugar, +chicken, +coconut milk, +fish sauce, +coriander, +curry paste, +noodles, +lime juice, +onions, +vegetable oil The ginger, coconut milk, curry paste, basil and cilantro in this are often used in Southeast Asian curries. Sautéing the chicken strips in olive... www.epicurious.com - Similiar recipes Can't find what you are looking for? Try our custom google recipe search: ToolsAdd to your Website Search alongside Google Recipe Puppy for iPhone MoreSubmit your Recipe Online Grocery Delivery Restaurant Gift Certificates
23 year old gaymer with a penchant for Brit fiction, cool stuff, and anything pumped out of Joss Whedon's head. I might be slightly addicted to mmo-games. Slightly. Hit me on my ask box if you want to know more, I don't bite. Unless you're into that and happen to have a penis in which case I'm all about biting and stuff. Also, I'm not very good with describing myself in a paragraph. Sorry. I'm also joined at the hip with BipolarBaker who you should follow and love without question. Do it. Now.
We often stay here whenever we're in Yokohama! Great location, that's quiet (have never heard any traffic ... or anything for that matter) and it's easy to get to everywhere from here. We always choose a cheaper room without a view but once you close the curtains you don't see anything anyway. Always very clean rooms, that are just spacious... More - Reservation Options: - TripAdvisor is proud to partner with Booking.com, Hotels.com, Agoda, Expedia, Jalan, Tingo and Venere so you can book your Daiwa Roynet Hotel Yokohama Koen reservations with confidence. We help millions of travellers each month to find the perfect hotel for both holiday and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.
